
=pod

=head1 NAME

DNSnarf - Grabs DNS Zones from a Windows Server DNS Primary 

=head1 VERSION

This documentation refers to DNSnarf version 1.1

=head1 USAGE

=over

=item 1)
/path/to/dnsnarf.pl

=item 2)
ln -s /path/to/dnsnarf.pl /etc/cron.hourly/dnsnarf

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This program will read DNS Zones from a Primary DNS server
running on Windows Server.  We needed some way to update the list of
zones on our Secondary DNS Linux Servers.  The program will connect
to a remote registry on a Windows DNS Server, read the zones, and
output a named.conf file to be used with BIND.

=head1 CONFIGURATION AND ENVIRONMENT

=head2 Variable Configuration

All of the customization should be done by changing the configuration
variables in the program.

=head3 Credentials Section

=over

=item $username

The service account to connect to the Windows DNS Server.  Defaults to 'dnsdataaccess'.

=item $password

The service account to connect to the Windows DNS Server. Defaults to 'kdc01.contoso.com'.

=item $domain

The domain name of your Windows environment. Defaults to 'CONTOSO.COM'.

=back

=head3 Primary DNS Server Section

=over

=item $master_dns

The hostname or IP of the Primary DNS Server to read DNS Zones from. Defaults to a masters alias 'default', you can define this in the /etc/named.options file.

=item $registry_branch

The registry location of the DNS Zones to be imported.  You should not have to change this, it has been tested against Windows Server 2003 and 2008.

=item $exceptions

This variable is a regex of exceptions NOT to grab from the Windows server.
For example, you may not want to grab stub zones because stub zones are not
transferrable.  If there are no exceptions, leave this value blank.
If you comment out the $exceptions variable undefine the $exceptions variable, 
dnsnarf will write an empty named.conf.

=back

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

You will possibly need the Samba 3 common, utility, or smbclient package from
your distribution.  Specifically this application uses the L<net(8)/rpc
registry enumerate> command from the Samba 3 distribution.

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

There are no known bugs in this application.
Please report problems to:

=over

=item Eric G. Wolfe E<lt>wolfe21 (at) marshall (dot) eduE<gt>, or

=item Gerald Hevener E<lt>hevenerg (at) marshall (dot) eduE<gt>

=back

Patches are welcome.


=head1 AUTHORS

=over

=item Eric G. Wolfe E<lt>wolfe21 (at) marshall (dot) eduE<gt>

=item Gerald Hevener E<lt>hevenerg (at) marshall (dot) eduE<gt>

=back

=head1 LICENCE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2007-2008

=over

=item Eric G. Wolfe E<lt>wolfe21 (at) marshall (dot) eduE<gt>,

=item Gerald Hevener E<lt>hevenerg (at) marshall (dot) eduE<gt>

=back

All rights reserved.

This application is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

=cut
